Kim Lip: Please don't zoom in too much like that~
Kim Lip: Then... I feel pressure...
JinSoul: Are you ashamed?
Kim Lip: Who are you?
JinSoul: I think the director wouldn't recoginze this voice when he edits this video.
JinSoul: Are you ashamed?
JinSoul: Who do you think I am?
Go Won: Oh my...
JinSoul: Oh my?
JinSoul: Do you have any personal talent?
Go Won: Sergeant, It's Tamama~
Chuu & Go Won: Sergeant!
Kim Lip: What, oh, please don't do Tamama thing...
(Suddnely, another Tamama sounds coming from next to Kim Lip!)
'Sergeant, it's Tamama~'
Kim Lip: It sounded like a grandmother!
Choerry: Sergeant, it's Tamama~
JinSoul: Choerry~
JinSoul: You seem to be in a good mood~
Choerry: Yeah, I feel great~
Choerry: Because it's the first time that all 12 members are doing it together~
JinSoul: Yes, it's the fisrt time~
Choerry: Absolutely~
JinSoul: Right~
Choerry: What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Choerry: Choerry is~
Choerry: inseparable from positiveness~
Choeery: Isn't it right?
JInSoul: How about you?
JinSoul: I think...
JinSoul: Stupid?
Choerry: Hey, what are you talking about~
JinSoul: Oh I rememebr. I have one.
JinSoul: My eyebrows!
Choerry: Oh, right.
'Don't do that!'
Choerry: Somebody said 'don't do that'~
JinSoul: Secret~
JinSoul: It's over, cut!
JinSoul: Like this!